c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\NeurotechDemo.exe.config
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\NeurotechDemo.exe
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\NeurotechDemo.pdb
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\obj\Debug\NeurotechDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\obj\Debug\NeurotechDemo.EnrollView.resources
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\obj\Debug\NeurotechDemo.MainForm.resources
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\obj\Debug\NeurotechDemo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\obj\Debug\NeurotechDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\obj\Debug\NeurotechDemo.exe
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\obj\Debug\NeurotechDemo.pdb
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Biometrics.Client.dll
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Biometrics.dll
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Biometrics.Gui.dll
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Cluster.Admin.Rest.dll
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Cluster.dll
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Devices.dll
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Devices.Virtual.dll
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.dll
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.FaceVerification.dll
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Gui.dll
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Licensing.dll
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Media.dll
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Media.Processing.dll
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.xml
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Biometrics.xml
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Biometrics.Client.xml
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Biometrics.Gui.xml
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Cluster.xml
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Cluster.Admin.Rest.xml
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Devices.xml
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Devices.Virtual.xml
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Gui.xml
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Licensing.xml
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Media.xml
c:\users\ddm-sd\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\NeurotechDemo\NeurotechDemo\bin\Debug\Neurotec.Media.Processing.xml
